this morning we're back on local mission
and it's the same place for film the
long niche in video last year
there's a Oberon it takes a good hour
towards to this forum and I've met over
my cousin Brandon for a days rabbit
catching we're gonna stick to the hitch
perimeter of his horse fields there's no
horses in the fields and the landowners
allowed us to turn the electric fencing
off so don't have to worry about our
dogs being shocked that didn't take too
long to get the first Pole why is that
I'm a strike perfectly so she didn't end
up with a ferret in her mouth as well
another ball a bit further up the hedge
no rabbits gone down the senior one but
just ferreted we're gonna leave that
rabbit for another time we try to ferret
that one again it might be lighting the
rabbit wearing bolt and the ferret will
kill the rabbit underground and we'll
just have to wait
yeah
so now we're gonna have to move around
the hedge and on this next Warren
there's quite a few holes so we're gonna
have to stick down some first nests to
hopefully build at the back here rabbit
is poured in between the hedge my dogs
can't get to it what they will do is
chaser rub it and make it run for the
holes further up the hedge roots it will
be safe we've already put down our nets
and the rubbish magnetic safe bring it
what did I tell ya with the pot running
around why it's not an abridgment of it
back enough to retrieve this one myself
did not want brilliant
the fire is cold one just inside the
hole thankfully as fair isn't abaya and
brandon has pulled a rabbit himself Wow
that rabbit jumped about free foot in
the year but fly at a radar fixed onto
it and snapped it up as soon as its feet
touch the ground great catch fly
what a fantastic catch this is a dog
that will never fail to put a smile on
my face
flies had to listen for that one predict
the old it was in a bolt from and go
headfirst through bramble and forms just
to catch a rabbit
so we've reached a road and we're gonna
be frightened one more warrant
Brendan's inside with glass and I've not
seen much of last word today the action
has been all my side for a change you
can tell she can be steady ferritin dog
looks like the first quarter wrap it
again fly stuck a red into the hole and
pinch the final rabbit of the day that
was six rabbits from the hedge some good
sport now all we need to do is cook them
up or so other month